<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- Large DITA sample with duplicates and more element nesting -->
<topic id="ai_robot_maintenance_guide">
	<title>Comprehensive AI Robot Hardware and Software Maintenance Guide</title>
	<body>
		<section id="gen_maint" importance="high">
			<title>General Maintenance</title>
			<p>
                Regular maintenance of AI robot hardware ensures optimal performance and longevity.
			</p>
			<p>
                Consistent upkeep of artificial intelligence machines guarantees peak efficiency and extended lifespan.
			</p>
			<p>
                Performing scheduled service on robotic AI units maintains superior functionality and durability.
			</p>
			<p>
                Routine checks and servicing are crucial for the sustained operation of AI robotic systems.
			</p>
		</section>

		<section id="power_mgmt">
			<title>Power Management</title>
			<section id="power_down">
				<title>Power Down Procedures</title>
				<p>
                    Always power down the unit completely before beginning any maintenance procedures.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Ensure the robot is fully deactivated prior to initiating any service routines.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Completely shut off all power to the system before starting maintenance tasks.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Disconnect the main power supply and remove the battery backup to prevent accidental activation.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Detach the primary power connection and extract the reserve battery to avoid unexpected startup.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="power_connectors">
				<title>Connector Inspection</title>
				<p>
                    Inspect all power connectors for signs of corrosion or damage quarterly.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Examine power plugs and sockets every three months for wear, tear, or oxidation.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Check the integrity of power connection points periodically to ensure reliable power delivery.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="cleaning">
			<title>Cleaning Procedures</title>
			<section id="chassis_clean">
				<title>External Chassis</title>
				<p>
                    Clean the external chassis with antistatic wipes designed for sensitive electronics.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Wipe down the outer shell using specialty cloths that prevent static buildup.
				</p>
				<p>
                    The robot's exterior should be cleaned using appropriate antistatic materials.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Utilize non-abrasive, static-dissipative cleaners for the main body casing.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="internal_clean">
				<title>Internal Components</title>
				<p>
                    Use compressed air to remove dust from internal fans and heat sinks monthly.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Clear internal ventilation pathways of debris using pressurized air every 30 days.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Monthly dusting of interior cooling elements is required for thermal efficiency.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="sensor_maint">
			<title>Sensor Maintenance</title>
			<section id="sensor_clean" props="frequency(monthly)">
				<title>Cleaning</title>
				<p>
                    Sensor modules need to be cleaned every 30 days with pressurized air and soft fabric tools.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Clean sensory components on a monthly basis utilizing air compression and delicate cloth applicators.
				</p>
				<p>
                    The sensory array requires monthly cleaning using compressed air and microfiber cloths.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="sensor_inspect" props="frequency(monthly)">
				<title>Inspection</title>
				<p>
                    Optical sensors should be inspected for scratches or surface damage during cleaning.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Examine lenses and sensor surfaces for imperfections or physical harm when cleaning.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Visual checks for sensor integrity are crucial during the cleaning process.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Replace damaged lens covers immediately to prevent sensor degradation.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Substitute compromised protective lenses without delay to maintain sensor accuracy.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="sensor_calib" props="frequency(post-cleaning)">
				<title>Calibration</title>
				<p>
                    Calibrate all sensors after cleaning to ensure accurate environmental readings.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Re-calibrate sensor suites post-cleaning for precise operational data collection.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Post-maintenance sensor calibration is mandatory for reliable performance.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="joint_maint" props="frequency(quarterly)">
			<title>Joint Maintenance</title>
			<section id="joint_inspect">
				<title>Inspection</title>
				<p>
                    Articulation joints should be inspected quarterly for signs of wear or stress fractures.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Check movement joints every three months for indications of deterioration or structural damage.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Conduct examinations of all articulated connections four times yearly to detect fatigue or cracks.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Industrial-grade robots require more frequent joint inspections due to higher operational stress.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="joint_lube">
				<title>Lubrication</title>
				<p>
                    Apply manufacturer-approved lubricant to joints according to the service schedule.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Lubricate articulated points as specified in the maintenance manual using recommended grease.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Ensure proper joint lubrication is maintained following the official service protocol.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="joint_calib_med" props="applicable_model(medical)">
				<title>Precision Calibration</title>
				<p>
                    Medical assistance robots need precision joint calibration after each maintenance cycle.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Fine-tune joint movements for medical robots post-service for operational accuracy.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Post-maintenance calibration of joints is critical for healthcare robotic applications.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="cooling_maint" props="frequency(quarterly)">
			<title>Cooling System Maintenance</title>
			<section id="cooling_inspect">
				<title>Inspection</title>
				<p>
                    The cooling system requires inspection every three months to prevent overheating.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Thermal regulation mechanisms must be checked quarterly to maintain optimal temperature.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Examine heat management systems on a three-month cycle to avoid thermal runaway conditions.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="cooling_liquid" props="applicable_system(liquid-cooled)">
				<title>Liquid Cooling Specifics</title>
				<p>
                    Advanced cooling systems may include liquid-based heat exchangers that require additional maintenance.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Systems with liquid cooling need special attention during maintenance routines.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Check coolant levels and quality in liquid-cooled systems every maintenance cycle.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Verify the condition and quantity of coolant in liquid heat exchange systems regularly.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="cooling_fans">
				<title>Fan Checks</title>
				<p>
                    Ensure all cooling fans are operational and free from obstructions.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Verify functionality and airflow of all thermal exhaust fans.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Check fan bearings for noise or signs of impending failure.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="battery_maint" importance="high" props="applicable_model(portable)">
			<title>Battery Maintenance</title>
			<section id="battery_importance">
				<title>Importance</title>
				<p>
                    Battery maintenance is critical for portable AI units with limited power sources.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Power cell upkeep is essential for mobile artificial intelligence systems that rely on internal energy.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Maintaining energy storage components is vital for transportable robots without constant power connections.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="battery_calib" props="frequency(250_cycles)">
				<title>Calibration</title>
				<p>
                    The lithium-quantum cells should be calibrated every 250 charging cycles for optimal performance.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Recalibrate advanced battery units after every 250 charge-discharge cycles to maximize efficiency.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Perform battery calibration routines per the manufacturer's guidelines for cycle count.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="battery_health">
				<title>Health Monitoring</title>
				<p>
                    Monitor battery health using diagnostic tools to track capacity degradation over time.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Utilize system diagnostics to observe the gradual decline in battery storage capability.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Track battery performance metrics to anticipate replacement needs.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="voice_module" props="frequency(as_needed)">
			<title>Voice Module Calibration</title>
			<section id="voice_accuracy">
				<title>Accuracy Enhancement</title>
				<p>
                    Voice module calibration improves speech recognition accuracy in noisy environments.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Adjust audio processing systems to enhance vocal pattern recognition in challenging acoustic settings.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Fine-tuning the speech detection hardware improves command recognition in diverse soundscapes.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="voice_multilang">
				<title>Multilingual Support</title>
				<p>
                    Multilingual models require separate calibration for each language package installed.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Calibrate individually for every language module activated on the system.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Ensure distinct calibration profiles exist for all operational languages.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="voice_custom_vocab">
				<title>Custom Vocabulary</title>
				<p>
                    Custom vocabulary additions must be trained with multiple speakers for reliable recognition.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Train specialized lexicons using diverse voice inputs to ensure robust performance.
				</p>
				<p>
                    New vocabulary sets need comprehensive training across various user voices.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="memory_core" props="frequency(annual) certification(required)">
			<title>Memory Core Maintenance</title>
			<section id="memory_personnel">
				<title>Personnel Requirements</title>
				<p>
                    Memory core maintenance should be performed annually by certified technicians only.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Neural storage systems require yearly service conducted by authorized maintenance personnel.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Cognitive data banks need annual inspection by qualified service professionals with proper credentials.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="memory_backup">
				<title>Data Backup</title>
				<p>
                    The procedure involves backing up all user data and preference settings before servicing.
				</p>
				<p>
                    This maintenance routine requires creating complete archives of user information and configurations.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Ensure full backup of operational data and user profiles prior to memory core service.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="software_updates" props="frequency(monthly)">
			<title>Software Updates</title>
			<section id="sw_patching">
				<title>Patch Management</title>
				<p>
                    Regularly apply software patches to address security vulnerabilities and bugs.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Install software updates promptly to fix known issues and enhance system security.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Maintain an up-to-date system by applying patches released by the vendor.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="sw_compatibility">
				<title>Compatibility Checks</title>
				<p>
                    Verify compatibility of new software versions with existing hardware and configurations.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Ensure software updates do not conflict with the current hardware setup before deployment.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Check for hardware compatibility notes before applying major software revisions.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="sw_rollback">
				<title>Rollback Plan</title>
				<p>
                    Have a rollback plan in place in case software updates cause unforeseen issues.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Prepare a procedure to revert to the previous stable software version if necessary.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Maintain system restore points or backups to facilitate software rollback.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="firmware_mgmt" props="frequency(biannual)">
			<title>Firmware Management</title>
			<section id="fw_updates">
				<title>Firmware Updates</title>
				<p>
                    Update component firmware as recommended by the manufacturer for optimal hardware function.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Apply firmware revisions provided by hardware vendors to improve performance and stability.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Keep embedded firmware versions current according to manufacturer guidelines.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="fw_update_proc">
				<title>Update Procedure</title>
				<p>
                    Follow strict procedures during firmware updates to prevent bricking components.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Adhere carefully to the specified update process to avoid rendering hardware unusable.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Use reliable power sources and follow instructions precisely when flashing firmware.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="actuator_checks" props="frequency(quarterly)">
			<title>Actuator Checks</title>
			<section id="actuator_function">
				<title>Functional Testing</title>
				<p>
                    Test all actuators for smooth and accurate motion within their operational range.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Verify that motors and servos perform movements correctly and without hesitation.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Check actuator responsiveness and precision through diagnostic routines.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="actuator_noise">
				<title>Noise and Vibration</title>
				<p>
                    Listen for unusual noises or vibrations from actuators during operation.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Monitor actuators for abnormal sounds or excessive shaking, indicating potential wear.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Investigate any grinding, clicking, or irregular vibrations originating from movement systems.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="network_conn" props="frequency(monthly)">
			<title>Network Connectivity</title>
			<section id="net_physical">
				<title>Physical Connections</title>
				<p>
                    Inspect network cables and connectors for physical damage or loose connections.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Check Ethernet ports and Wi-Fi antennas for integrity and proper seating.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Examine all network interface hardware for signs of wear or connection issues.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="net_performance">
				<title>Performance Testing</title>
				<p>
                    Test network throughput and latency to ensure reliable communication.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Verify data transfer speeds and response times meet operational requirements.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Perform network diagnostics to confirm stable and efficient connectivity.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="net_security">
				<title>Security Settings</title>
				<p>
                    Review network security settings and update credentials periodically.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Ensure wireless encryption and firewall rules are correctly configured and up-to-date.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Verify network access controls and authentication mechanisms are secure.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="env_sealing" props="frequency(annual)">
			<title>Environmental Sealing</title>
			<section id="seal_inspect">
				<title>Seal Inspection</title>
				<p>
                    Inspect all environmental seals and gaskets for cracks, wear, or deterioration.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Check protective barriers for damage that could compromise internal components.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Examine seals around access panels and joints for signs of failure.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="seal_replace">
				<title>Seal Replacement</title>
				<p>
                    Replace any compromised seals immediately to maintain ingress protection ratings.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Substitute damaged gaskets promptly to prevent dust and moisture intrusion.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Ensure environmental sealing integrity by replacing worn components as needed.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="safety_systems" importance="high" props="frequency(quarterly)">
			<title>Safety System Tests</title>
			<section id="estop_test">
				<title>Emergency Stop Validation</title>
				<p>
                    Regularly test the functionality of all emergency stop buttons and circuits.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Verify that activating emergency stops immediately halts all robot motion safely.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Conduct functional checks of the E-stop system to ensure reliability in critical situations.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="sensor_safety_test">
				<title>Safety Sensor Checks</title>
				<p>
                    Test collision detection sensors and proximity warnings for correct operation.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Verify that safety-critical sensors (e.g., LiDAR, force sensors) respond appropriately.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Confirm the proper functioning of all sensors integrated into the safety system.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="safety_logic_test">
				<title>Safety Logic Verification</title>
				<p>
                    Verify the robot's safety logic and behavior in simulated hazardous conditions.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Test programmed safety responses to ensure they function as designed.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Confirm the integrity of the safety controller and its programmed logic.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="data_backup" props="frequency(weekly)">
			<title>Data Backup Protocols</title>
			<section id="backup_schedule">
				<title>Scheduled Backups</title>
				<p>
                    Ensure regular backups of critical operational data and configurations are performed.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Maintain a consistent schedule for archiving important system data and settings.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Perform routine backups according to the established data protection policy.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="backup_verify">
				<title>Backup Verification</title>
				<p>
                    Periodically test backup integrity by performing test restores.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Verify that archived data can be successfully recovered when needed.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Confirm the usability of backups through occasional restoration drills.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="backup_storage">
				<title>Storage Location</title>
				<p>
                    Store backups securely, preferably off-site or on a separate network segment.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Ensure backup media is kept in a safe and environmentally controlled location.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Follow best practices for secure and redundant backup storage.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="thermal_calib" props="frequency(biannual)">
			<title>Thermal Sensor Calibration</title>
			<section id="thermal_accuracy">
				<title>Accuracy Check</title>
				<p>
                    Calibrate thermal sensors to ensure accurate temperature readings for monitoring.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Verify the precision of temperature sensors against known reference points.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Adjust thermal sensor outputs for correct temperature reporting.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="thermal_range">
				<title>Range Validation</title>
				<p>
                    Confirm sensors report accurately across their entire specified temperature range.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Test thermal sensor response at various temperature levels within operational limits.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Validate the linearity and accuracy of thermal sensors over expected temperatures.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="wiring_inspect" props="frequency(annual)">
			<title>Wiring and Harness Inspection</title>
			<section id="wiring_damage">
				<title>Damage Check</title>
				<p>
                    Inspect all internal wiring and harnesses for signs of chafing, pinching, or wear.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Examine electrical cables for insulation damage, abrasion, or stress points.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Look for potential electrical hazards caused by damaged wiring insulation.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="wiring_secure">
				<title>Securing Connections</title>
				<p>
                    Ensure all connectors are securely fastened and strain reliefs are intact.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Verify that cable management solutions properly secure and protect wiring.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Check that all electrical connections are tight and well-supported.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="mobility_sys" props="frequency(quarterly) applicable_model(mobile)">
			<title>Mobility System Check (Wheels/Tracks)</title>
			<section id="mobility_wear">
				<title>Wear Inspection</title>
				<p>
                    Inspect wheels or tracks for excessive wear, damage, or debris buildup.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Check the condition of the robot's locomotion system for physical deterioration.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Examine drive components for signs of damage impacting movement.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="mobility_align">
				<title>Alignment</title>
				<p>
                    Verify wheel alignment or track tension according to manufacturer specifications.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Ensure proper alignment and tensioning of the mobility system for efficient movement.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Adjust wheel alignment or track settings as needed for optimal performance.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="diagnostic_logs" props="frequency(weekly)">
			<title>Review Diagnostic Logs</title>
			<section id="log_errors">
				<title>Error Identification</title>
				<p>
                    Regularly review system logs for error messages or warning codes.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Analyze diagnostic outputs to identify potential or recurring issues.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Monitor system logs for anomalies that might indicate underlying problems.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="log_trends">
				<title>Trend Analysis</title>
				<p>
                    Look for trends or patterns in log data that could predict future failures.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Analyze historical log information to spot developing issues.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Use log data for predictive maintenance insights.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>

		<section id="doc_records" importance="normal">
			<title>Documentation and Records</title>
			<section id="doc_logging">
				<title>Logging Procedures</title>
				<p>
                    Document all maintenance procedures in the service log with timestamp and technician ID.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Record each maintenance action in the official service history with date and service provider credentials.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Maintain comprehensive records of all service interventions including time and authorized personnel.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="doc_sync">
				<title>Database Synchronization</title>
				<p>
                    Digital service records should be synchronized with the manufacturer's maintenance database.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Ensure electronic maintenance logs are uploaded to the central tracking system.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Synchronize local service data with the master maintenance records repository.
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="doc_details">
				<title>Detailed Observations</title>
				<p>
                    Include detailed observations of component condition in maintenance documentation.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Note specific findings about hardware status during service activities.
				</p>
				<p>
                    Record thorough notes on the state of components inspected or serviced.
				</p>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>